About the job
About RadicalX:
RadicalX is a Generative AI ed-tech platform committed to nurturing career growth in tech. Our offerings include tailored courses, hands-on projects, rigorous assessments, and access to ReX, our AI Superhuman Coach. ReX provides personalized guidance, ensuring a unique learning experience that keeps pace with the tech industry's demands.
About the job
Welcome to Foundry, a cryptocurrency pioneer dedicated to advancing decentralized infrastructure. At Foundry, we’re not waiting for a decentralized financial future — we’re building it now. By empowering institutions with the tools they need to mine and stake digital assets, we’re thoughtfully driving the industry forward with our team at the center of it all.

If you thrive on innovation, are inspired by the potential of blockchain technology and are passionate about being part of transformative global changes, then we’d love to connect. At Foundry, your skills will find purpose as you contribute to shaping the architecture of a more equitable and interconnected world through blockchain technology. Come be a vital member of the Foundry team, where your contributions will help empower a decentralized future.

DESCRIPTION: The AI/ML Engineer is an exciting opportunity for a motivated and passionate individual to join the team at Foundry, a subsidiary of the blockchain industry’s most prolific and active investor, Digital Currency Group. Reporting to the Engineer Manager, the AI/ML Engineer will be responsible for designing, developing, and implementing cutting-edge AI and machine learning solutions to solve complex business challenges.

This is a rare invitation to join a small, highly professional entrepreneurial group, with the backing of the most established player in the fast-growing crypto space.

This candidate is required to be located in the Rochester, NY area. 

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES: 

WHAT YOU WILL DO:

Train and deploy models for continuous improvement guided by rankings on the Bittensor network.
Design and develop machine learning models and algorithms to address specific business needs.
Utilize advanced data analysis techniques to extract meaningful insights from large datasets.
Evaluate and select appropriate datasets and data representation methods.
Stay updated on the latest advancements in AI/ML technologies and incorporate them into the development process.
Collaborate with software engineers to integrate machine learning models into production systems.
Conduct thorough testing and validation of models to ensure accuracy and reliability.
Collaborate with domain experts to enhance model performance and interpret results.
Create and maintain documentation for all developed models, algorithms, and workflows.

Minimum Qualifications; Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: 

Master's degree in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Statistics, or a related field.
Minimum of 3 years of professional experience in artificial intelligence and machine learning or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Proficient in programming languages such as Python, Java, or C++.
Strong experience with machine learning frameworks including TensorFlow or PyTorch.
Solid understanding of statistical concepts and machine learning algorithms.
Experience with data preprocessing, feature engineering, and model evaluation.
Excellent problem-solving and critical-thinking skills.
Effective communication skills with the ability to convey complex concepts to non-technical stakeholders.
Proven ability to work collaboratively in a team environment.
Strong attention to detail and commitment to delivering high-quality solutions.
Interest in decentralized computing and decentralized machine learning.
Knowledge of natural language processing (NLP).

Preferred Qualifications; Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: 

Blockchain experience preferred.
Experience deploying machine learning models in a production environment.
Knowledge of computer vision.
Previous work in industries such Fintech or cryptocurrency.
Contributions to open-source projects

A range of compensation is provided for transparency, however different factors may affect this range. Some of these factors may include (but are not limited to) education, training, credentials, skills, geographic location, and experience. This range only includes base compensation and does not include other tangible benefits such as 401K match, bonuses, overtime pay, and other benefits.

Range of Compensation: $100,000-$200,000/year

WHAT WE OFFER:

The chance to work in a fast-paced and fun start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact
Competitive base salary, bonus and incentive compensation Unlimited PTO / Flexible time off - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Professional development budget with flexibility for personal and professional growth
Outstanding health insurance for employee, partner and dependents
Life insurance, short-term & long-term disability coverage
401K plan with company contribution (Bermuda: Private pension plan with company contribution)
Flexible spending programs for medical and dependent care (Not available for Bermuda positions)
Paid parental leave

ENVIRONMENT:

Foundry takes pride in an environment which prioritizes our people. We insist that our people first culture builds the framework for all business operations. 

Employees have ample opportunities to voice thoughts, opinions, and ideas through weekly companywide meetings, monthly townhalls, and team outings and events. 

We emphasize the importance of each individual through engagement, teamwork, inclusion, and diversity efforts. 

Foundry is an Equal Opportunity Employer and embraces diversity. We do not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on race, color, religion, marital status, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions), gender identity, sexual orientation, parental status, national origin, age, disability, genetic information (including family medical history), political affiliation, military service, or any other non-merit-based factors protected under federal, state or local law. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.

ABOUT FOUNDRY:

At Foundry, we are working toward a common goal of empowering a decentralized infrastructure. Our team is passionate about the future of finance and is looking for other like-minded individuals who share in this vision. While we are inclusive and diverse in workforce and style, we all agree that digital assets will change the world.

Foundry was created to meet the institutional demand for better capital access, efficiency, and transparency in the digital currency mining and staking industry.

As a Digital Currency Group company, Foundry taps unparalleled institutional expertise, capital, and market intelligence to provide North American bitcoin miners and global manufacturers with the resources to build, maintain, and secure decentralized networks.

Disclaimer

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by employees assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified.
About the job
The Opportunity

AI is rapidly changing the world. From processing job applications and credit decisions, to making content recommendations and helping researchers analyze genetic markers at scale -- many aspects of our daily lives are touched by machine learned systems in some way.

Arize is the leading machine learning observability platform to help ML teams discover issues, diagnose problems, and improve the results of machine learning models. In short: we are here to build world class software that helps make AI work better.

The Team

Our engineering team builds systems that interact with some of the most complex software ever deployed in production. The team is composed of industry veterans that have built deep learning infrastructure, autonomous drones, ridesharing marketplaces, ad tech and much more.

We are looking for a client-obsessed ML Solutions Engineer with entrepreneurial tendencies to join the good fight and help build out our Solutions Engineering org. You’ll be the trusted technical advisors for our customers, driving business value, offering advice, and growing accounts. You’ll accomplish this by leading customers to solutions oftentimes by teaching the product to new users or consulting on best practices. You must be ready for technical discussions with data scientists and engineers, then demonstrate the value of Arize in business discussions with directors and executives. The goal is to enable our customers to become successful and enthusiastic about Arize.

What You’ll Do

You will act as a trusted advisor to our customers, while also building relationships with technical stakeholders
You will act as the “Voice of the Customer” - Regularly engaging them on status calls, educating on product roadmap and QBRs, managing escalations, while influencing our roadmap in partnership with our Product team.
Interface with our pre-sales engineering team to gather client goals and KPI’s.
Spearhead new opportunities in which Arize can provide the most value that will drive renewals and new accounts.

What We’re Looking For

Previous experience working as a Data Scientist, Machine Learning Engineer, or as an Engineer working with ML models in production.
Comfortable with Kubernetes and public Cloud environments (AWS, Azure, GCP)
Knowledge of machine learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch or Scikit-learn
Understanding of ML/DS concepts, model evaluation strategies and lifecycle (feature generation, model training, model deployment, batch and real time scoring via REST APIs) and engineering considerations
Proficiency in a programming language (Python, R, Java, Go, etc)
Strong Communication Skills - Ability to simplify complex, technical concepts.
A quick and self learner - undaunted by technical complexity of production ML deployments and welcome the challenge to learn about them and develop your own POV.

Bonus Points, But Not Required 
Previous engineering experience in:
Data Science
MLOps
ML Frameworks
Customer facing experience strongly preferred such as Solutions Architect, Onboarding Specialist, Sales Engineer, Customer Success Engineer, Consultant, or Professional Service roles

The estimated annual salary and variable compensation for this role is between $125,000 - $195,000, plus a competitive equity package. Actual compensation is determined based upon a variety of job related factors that may include: transferable work experience, skill sets, and qualifications. Total compensation also includes a comprehensive benefit package, including: medical, dental, vision, 401(k) plan, unlimited paid time off, generous parental leave plan, and others for mental and wellness support.

More About Arize

Arize’s mission is to make the world’s AI work and work for the people. Our founders came together through a common frustration: investments in AI are growing rapidly across businesses and organizations of all types, yet it is incredibly difficult to understand why a machine learning model behaves the way it does after it is deployed into the real world.

Learn more about Arize in an interview with our founders: https://www.forbes.com/sites/frederickdaso/2020/09/01/arize-ai-helps-us-understand-how-ai-works/#322488d7753c

Diversity & Inclusion @ Arize

Our company's mission is to make AI work and make AI work for the people, we hope to make an impact in bias industry-wide and that's a big motivator for people who work here. We actively hope that individuals contribute to a good culture

Regularly have chats with industry experts, researchers, and ethicists across the ecosystem to advance the use of responsible AI
Culturally conscious events such as LGBTQ trivia during pride month
We have an active Lady Arizers subgroup
About the job
At Trunk Tools, we are tackling the massive $850B+ construction labor industry. We’re an exceptional team of serial entrepreneurs, brought together by our shared mission: aligning incentives for the deskless workforce. Our founding team (LinkedIn, Uber, SpaceX, YC, Carta, etc.) has successfully built and deployed software in construction for 140k+ users, millions of users beyond the construction space, and worked on +$1 billion of built-environment projects. Within our first year of business, we’ve captured contracts worth $1 million in ARR alongside backing from incredible Seed investors and industry experts. We are extremely excited to be in hyper-growth mode and we hope you join us on our journey to revolutionize the construction industry! We have built a brand new product that requires building, evaluating, and launching innovative solutions leveraging the latest ML/NLP/LLM techniques.

What you will do and achieve:
Build and grow various features of our search stack like search ranking models, query parsing/understanding, natural language question answering, etc. 
Deeply understand search usage and user needs and identify gaps in the search stack
Design, experiment with, and iterate on ML/NLP solutions to address gaps in the search stack
Design and evolve experimentation framework to help evaluate improvements the search stack
Write robust code that’s easy to read, maintain and test
Interest in construction 
Experience in building applications on top of LLMs in a production environment

Who you are:
BA/BS in computer science, or related degree (math, physics)
2+ years of experience, especially with knowledge graphs and/or search
Strong analytical skills and ability to work with data
Experience working in fields like recommendation systems, natural language processing, applied machine learning, large scale production search/ranking system, large data pipelines or other related systems
Have strong coding skills (for example in Go/Python/Java/C++ etc)

What we offer 😎
🎖️ A close-knit and collaborative early-stage startup environment where every voice is heard and every opinion matters; currently we're 16 team members
💰 Competitive salary and stock option equity packages
🏥 3 Medical Plans to choose from including 100% covered option. Plus Dental and Vision Insurance!
🤓 Learning & Growth stipend 
🏠 Flexible long-term work options (remote and hybrid)
🥨 Free lunch provided in the office in NYC - you’ll never go hungry with us! 
🛫 Unlimited PTO; We truly believe in work-life balance and that hard work should be balanced with time for rest and rejuvenation
🏝 IRL / In-Person retreats throughout the year

Salary range: $100,000 - $170,000 / year + equity

We realize applying for jobs can feel daunting at times. We don’t expect you to check all the qualification boxes and encourage you to apply if you have experience in some of the areas.

At Trunk Tools, we’re working hard to build a more productive and safer environment within the construction industry, and we strive to live by these same values here at Trunk Tools HQ. As an equal-opportunity employer, we are committed to building an inclusive environment where you can be you. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected class.
About the job
About MCU: 

At Municipal Credit Union, we believe that an incredible culture helps create a happy and motivated team that works hard to achieve the best results for themselves and their members. For more than 100 years, MCU has provided affordable financial products and convenient services to a membership base that is now comprised of over 500,000 individuals. With each new generation we have the pleasure of interacting with, we maintain the credit union promise of people helping people.

Overview: This role will provide the enterprise to follow process design disciplines while also fully adopting current and future capabilities of engagement & productivity tools such as (Microsoft 365, Salesforce, MS Teams & Power B1). Along with productivity platforms (Meridian Link/LPQ, Suite of JH products, Digital Banking, Talk Desk, BSA & Fraud Solutions, Real Estate Lending, ATM/Debit & Credit platforms) with the aim of enabling Artificial Intelligence capabilities to maximize operational productivity & simplicity and drive better employee and member experiences. Additionally, this role has the expectation to discover other applications for the use of Artificial Intelligence within MCU’s environment.

Responsibilities:

Requirements:

Optimal Platform Utilization: Advocate for application of artificial intelligence and other enhancements within designated critical platforms and Microsoft 365 capabilities to improve communication, processes, controls, reporting and reduce expense while collaborating across enterprise channels and functions. 
Collaboration: Work in close partnership with Business Unit Leaders, Organizational Agility and IT teams to assure alignment of technical roadmaps, development efforts, strategic priorities, and platform administration
Process Optimization: Advocate for consistent application of process design disciplines and best practices that support effective cross-functional efficiency and optimal member experiences.
Platform Discovery & Integration: Explore platform AI capabilities to align with strategies and drive organizational goals and objectives. Defining best and acceptable use of functionality, collaborating with business units to develop departmental roadmaps for utilization, supporting IT projects that impact/incorporate the use of AI tools, managing and monitoring utilization of capabilities 
Platform Application: Create, develop, prioritize, initiate initial testing, deliver use cases for UAT and implement applications and solutions with systems functionality including but not limited to forms and workflow systems, approval and automated processes and low-code application development. 
Platform Leadership: Prioritize, develop, and implement use cases applying AI feature functionality, ensuring compliance with policy, procedure and security requirements 


College degree in one of the following disciplines :

IT, Computing Studies, Information Systems, Business Administration or 
Equivalent work experience 


Skills relevant to this role:

Intimate knowledge of the organization’s computing systems
Ability to explain complex ideas to those with limited IT and systems knowledge
Ability to handle multiple projects in a fast-paced environment 
Excellent problem-solving, analytical and process improvement skills
Extraordinary customer service and relationship management experience
Comfortable leading meetings or taking lead in pressure situations
Proactive change management and communications regarding releases of platform upgrades, enhancements and/or bug fixes
Improved communications & collaboration of org-wide initiatives


Span of Control / Direct Reports

Position Titles reporting up to this position – No

Direct Reports – NO

 Why you’ll be a good fit: 

Our Core Values are an integral part of who we are and who we hire. By living our Core Values, every day, we continue to attract the best and brightest talent, achieve unsurpassed results and continuously challenge ourselves to be better than yesterday. These values are at the heart of our organization and within every teammate. To be a great fit, you’ll bring the following:

Results – You’ll look to achieve the best outcomes for our members. Continuously track and measure everything, and use it to always improve. Be proactive, not reactive.

Agility – You’ll remain agile in your decision making, planning, and delivery; using curiosity and creativity to see situations from all perspectives.

Integrity – You’ll act professionally and positively. Build trust, be upfront and communicate thoroughly.

Teamwork – You’ll work to achieve common goals as part of ONE TEAM.

Ownership – You’ll hold yourself and others accountable and remain committed to our obligations while caring about the outcomes as much as an owner would.

Belonging – You’ll embrace and environment in which any individual or group can be and feel welcomed, respected, supported and valued.

We stand by our mission to connect our members and communities with an exceptional financial future and we are looking for individuals who share this same purpose to take this journey with us.

 What we can offer you: 

Competitive Compensation, Medical And Dental Benefits.

401K with employer match

Flexible paid time off

We are committed to hiring, training, cultivating, promoting, and celebrating an environment where we have a welcoming and fulfilling place for all people to call home. Diversity of race, thought, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, religion, and disability will empower us to thrive as individuals, as teams, and as an organization.

Municipal Credit Union (MCU) is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

MCU provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
About the job
Crossover is the world's #1 source of full-time remote jobs. Our clients offer top-tier pay for top-tier talent. We're recruiting this role for our client, gt.school. Have you got what it takes?

At gt.school, we're not just reimagining education; we're actively reinventing it. Leveraging state-of-the-art AI technology, we're on a mission to redefine the learning experience, making it faster, more fun, and highly personalized. Our platform is designed to push the boundaries of traditional education, offering a digital, self-paced learning environment that's both engaging and effective. As a member of our vibrant team, you'll contribute to the development of revolutionary AI-driven products and services that are transforming how students learn and grow on a global scale.

We're currently on the lookout for an innovative AI Engineer to enhance our core AI Engineering team. Collaborating closely with our Academic Engineers, AI Operations, and Program Operations teams, you'll be at the forefront of AI research and development, prompt engineering, and a mix of strategic technical and non-technical initiatives. Your role is crucial in advancing the academic impact of our AI tools, which are central to the learning journey of thousands of students enrolled in our programs worldwide.

In this role, you'll not only contribute to our groundbreaking work but also grow and develop your skills. You'll receive mentorship and coaching from the Vice President of AI Engineering & Operations at gt.school, and work alongside three supportive sister teams. This environment is ripe with opportunities for professional growth and learning.

To succeed in this role, you’ll need to be ownership-minded, consistently make good data-backed decisions, be attentive to detail, always have a high quality bar for work, and be an extremely strong communicator).

If you're eager to take on a challenging and fulfilling role that's at the cutting edge of reshaping education, gt.school is your destination. Join us in our quest to create a future where the potential for learning is limitless!

What You Will Be Doing

Designing, developing, and refining prompts that are used to either produce educational content or build our core data models.
Building scalable, automated workflows that produce AI educational content.
Building prototypes weekly that the team’s VP will present to executive leadership.
Actively engaging in thought leadership about how we could innovate in terms of work processes, AI content, and more.
Staying up to date with respect to the latest advancements with AI.
Owning the timely delivery of AI content generators and respective backing documentation, partially by delegating work to supporting sister teams.
Actively collaborating with our AI Operations & Academic Engineering teams to ensure AI-generated content aligns with our core data structures and curriculum standards.

Basic Requirements

AI Prompt Engineer key responsibilities

Substantial experience working with generative AI models, like GPT-4, meaning you understand many of the nuances, limitations, pitfalls, and best practices of working with AI.
Scored 5s on APs (Advanced Placement Exams) & 1500+/2300+ on SAT or 34+ on ACT exams in high school
Bachelors in Computer Science in Computer Science, AI, Machine Learning, or a related field
Able to, Mon-Fri, attend a daily Stand-Up Zoom meeting at 9AM CST daily and commit to an 8 hour shift anytime of the worker’s choice between 5 AM and 5 PM CST.

About Gt.school

GT School is an EdTech Startup that leverages technology, AI, and subject matter experts to cultivate a new way of learning. Our unique approach leverages 50+ years of learning science, cutting-edge data analytics and high-performance coaching. In doing so, we can help students learn more, learn faster, and learn better - and have fun while doing it. We are a remote-first company that hires globally via Crossover.

There is so much to cover for this exciting role, and space here is limited. Hit the Apply button if you found this interesting and want to learn more. We look forward to meeting you!

Working with Crossover

This is a full-time (40 hours per week), long-term position. The position is immediately available and requires entering into an independent contractor agreement with Crossover. The compensation level for this role is $50 USD/hour, which equates to $100,000 USD/year assuming 40 hours per week and 50 weeks per year. The payment period is weekly. Consult www.crossover.com/help-and-faqs for more details on this topic.

What to expect next:

You will receive an email with a link to start your self-paced, online job application.
Our hiring platform will guide you through a series of online “screening” assessments to check for basic job fit, job-related skills, and finally a few real-world job-specific assignments.

Important! If you do not receive an email from us:

First, emails may take up to 15 minutes to send, refresh and check again.
Second, check your spam and junk folders for an email from Crossover.com, mark as “Not Spam” since you will receive other emails as well.
Third, we will send to whatever email account you indicated on the Apply form - by default, that is the email address you use as your LinkedIn username and it might be different than the one you have already checked.
If all else fails, just reset your password by visiting https://www.crossover.com/auth/password-recovery if you already applied using LinkedIn EasyApply.

Crossover Job Code: LJ-5070-US-Flagstaf-AIPromptEngine.024
About the job
Who is Recruiting from Scratch : 

Recruiting from Scratch is a premier talent firm that focuses on placing the best product managers, software, and hardware talent at innovative companies. Our team is 100% remote and we work with teams across the United States to help them hire. We work with companies funded by the best investors including Sequoia Capital, Lightspeed Ventures, Tiger Global Management, A16Z, Accel, DFJ, and more.

https://www.recruitingfromscratch.com/

Job Description:

We are seeking a highly skilled and experienced Senior Machine Learning Engineer to join our dynamic team. As a Senior Machine Learning Engineer, you will play a crucial role in developing and deploying cutting-edge machine learning models and solutions to solve complex business problems. You will collaborate with cross-functional teams to drive innovation and make a significant impact on our organization.

Responsibilities:

 Machine Learning Model Development: Develop, train, and optimize machine learning models using a variety of tools and frameworks. 
 Data Preparation: Collect, clean, and preprocess data to ensure its quality and suitability for machine learning applications. 
 Feature Engineering: Create and select relevant features that improve model performance and predictive accuracy. 
 Algorithm Selection: Choose appropriate machine learning algorithms and techniques based on problem requirements and datasets. 
 Model Evaluation: Design and implement rigorous evaluation methodologies to assess the performance and robustness of machine learning models. 
 Deployment: Deploy machine learning models into production environments, ensuring scalability and reliability. 
 Monitoring and Maintenance: Continuously monitor model performance, identify and address issues, and retrain models as needed. 

Qualifications:

 Education: At least a Bachelor's degree in computer science, machine learning, artificial intelligence, or a related field is preferred. 
 Experience: A minimum of 5 of hands-on experience in machine learning model development and deployment. 
 Programming Skills: Proficiency in programming languages such as Python and experience with machine learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, etc). 
 Deep Learning: Strong expertise in deep learning frameworks and architectures is a plus. 
 Data Handling: Excellent skills in data manipulation, preprocessing, and feature engineering. 
 Model Deployment: Experience with deploying machine learning models in production using containerization and orchestration tools (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes). 

If you are a passionate and experienced Senior Machine Learning Engineer looking to work on challenging projects and make a meaningful impact, we encourage you to apply.

 Base Salary: $150,000 - $200,000 

https://www.recruitingfromscratch.com/
About the job
This job is sourced from a job board. Learn More
Job Description

Work you'll do/Responsibilities:

Strong programming skills.

Must have strong programming skills in languages such as Python, Java, and C#.

They should be able to write clean, efficient, and maintainable code.

Front end Angular or React (no JS).

Data analysis skills: Comfortable leveraging pretrained models or creating models using AutoML.

Understanding of software development principles: Must have a good understanding of software development & devops principles, including version control, testing, and continuous integration and deployment.

 

Location Preference: Remote

Company Description

We are Genius Business Solutions - our clients describe us as a team of passionate IT experts who take full ownership in delivering innovative technology solutions. At GBSI, we exist to simplify technology so that businesses can innovate faster & accelerate growth.

With over 18 years of successful IT experience, GBSI is headquartered in Moline, Illinois & has clients and consultants working across the United States, Canada, India & Europe. We help some of the world's top organizations in manufacturing, automotive, software & IT and pharmaceutical domains in implementing software solutions, ensuring IT quality assurance, develop high quality custom applications & AMS support services. GBSI is a certified SAP partner & featured in multiple top publications including CNBC, Fox News, Digital Journal & MarketWatch.

ERP Consultants, Developers, Software Engineers and QA experts, we invite you to join our teams & create the best version of you. As IT experts, our teams are committed to developing & delivering highest quality services in:

 Technology Consulting
 Digital Strategy & IT Modernization
 Implementing Global IT Solutions
 Next Gen Developments & AMS Support Services

We are Genius Business Solutions - our clients describe us as a team of passionate IT experts who take full ownership in delivering innovative technology solutions. At GBSI, we exist to simplify technology so that businesses can innovate faster & accelerate growth. With over 18 years of successful IT experience, GBSI is headquartered in Moline, Illinois & has clients and consultants working across the United States, Canada, India & Europe. We help some of the world's top organizations in manufacturing, automotive, software & IT and pharmaceutical domains in implementing software solutions, ensuring IT quality assurance, develop high quality custom applications & AMS support services. GBSI is a certified SAP partner & featured in multiple top publications including CNBC, Fox News, Digital Journal & MarketWatch. ERP Consultants, Developers, Software Engineers and QA experts, we invite you to join our teams & create the best version of you. As IT experts, our teams are committed to developing & delivering highest quality services in: - Technology Consulting - Digital Strategy & IT Modernization - Implementing Global IT Solutions - Next Gen Developments & AMS Support Services
About the job
Title: Machine Learning Engineer/AI Engineer

Location: Remote

Duration: 6 months+

Azure Required Cloud Required Java Required Python Required REST Required SQL Required

Summary of the project/initiatives which describes what’s being done:

o Build, modernize and maintain the AI/ML Platform & related frameworks / solutions.

o Participate and contribute in architecture & design reviews.

o Build/Deploy AI/ML platform in Azure with open-source applications (Argo, Jupyter Hub/Kubeflow) and/or cloud/SaaS solutions (Azure ML, Databricks).

o You will design, develop, test, deploy, and maintain distributed & GPU-enabled Machine Learning Pipelines using K8s/AKS based Argo Workflow Orchestration solutions, while collaborating with Data Scientists.

o Enable/Support platform to do distributed data processing using Apache Spark and other distributed / scale technologies.

o Build ETL pipelines, ingress / egress methodologies in context to AIML use-cases.

o Build highly scalable backend REST APIs for metadata management and other misc. business needs.

o Deploy Application in Azure Kubernetes Service using GitLab, Jenkins, Docker, Kubectl, Helm and Manifest

o Experience in branching, tagging, and maintaining the versions across different environments in GitLab.

o Review code developed by other developers and provide feedback to ensure best practices (e.g., design patterns, accuracy, testability, efficiency etc.)

o Work with relevant engineering, operations, business lines, and infrastructure groups to ensure effective architectures and designs and communicate findings clearly to technical and non-technical partners.

o Perform functional, benchmark & performance testing and tuning to achieve performant AIML workflow(s), interactive notebook user experiences, and pipelines.

o Assess, design & optimize the resources capacities for ML based resource (GPU) intensive workloads.

o Communicate processes and results of the application with all parties involved in the product team, like engineers, product owner, scrum master and third-party vendors.

Top 5-10 responsibilities for this position

o Experience developing AIML platforms & frameworks (including core offerings such as model training, inferencing, distributed/parallel programming), preferably on Kubernetes and native cloud.

o Highly skilled with Python or JAVA programming languages

o Highly skilled with database languages like SQL & NoSQL

o Experience designing, developing, and deploying highly maintainable, extensible, and testable distributed applications using Python and other languages.

o Experience developing ETL pipelines and REST APIs in Python using Flask or Django

o Experienced with technologies/frameworks including Kubernetes, Helm Charts, Notebooks, Workflow orchestration tools, and CI/CD & monitoring frameworks.

Basic Qualifications

 Bachelor’s/master’s degree in computer science or data science
 6 – 8 years of experience in software development and with data structures/algorithms

Required Technical Qualifications / Skills

 Experience with AI/ML open-source projects in large datasets using Jupyter, Argo, Spark, Pytorch, TensorFlow
 Experience creating Unit and Functional test cases using PyTest, UnitTest
 Experience with training and tuning models in Machine Learning
 Experience working with Jupyter Hub
 Experience with DB management system like PostgreSQL
 Experience in searching, monitoring, and analyzing logs using Splunk/Kibana
 GraphQL/Swagger implementation knowledge
 Strong understanding and experience with Kubernetes for availability and scalability of applications in Azure Kubernetes Service
 Experience building CI/CD pipelines using Cloudbees Jenkins, Docker, Artifactory, Kubernetes, Helm Charts and Gitlab
 Experience with tools like Jupyter Hub, Kubeflow, MLFlow, TensorFlow, Scikit, Apache Spark, Kafka
 Experience with workflow orchestration tools such as Apache Airflow, Argo workflows
 Familiarity with Conda, PyPi, and Node.js package builds

Preferred Qualifications / Skills

 Experience with AI/ML open-source projects in large datasets using Jupyter, Argo, Spark, Pytorch, TensorFlow
 Experience creating Unit and Functional test cases using PyTest, UnitTest
 Experience with training and tuning models in Machine Learning
 Experience working with Jupyter Hub
 Experience with DB management system like PostgreSQL
 Experience in searching, monitoring, and analyzing logs using Splunk/Kibana
 GraphQL/Swagger implementation knowledge
 Strong understanding and experience with Kubernetes for availability and scalability of applications in Azure Kubernetes Service
 Experience building CI/CD pipelines using Cloudbees Jenkins, Docker, Artifactory, Kubernetes, Helm Charts and Gitlab
 Experience with tools like Jupyter Hub, Kubeflow, MLFlow, TensorFlow, Scikit, Apache Spark, Kafka
 Experience with workflow orchestration tools such as Apache Airflow, Argo workflows
 Familiarity with Conda, PyPi, and Node.js package builds
About the job
Title- Artificial Intelligence (AI) / Machine Learning (ML) Software Engineer

Location - Remote

Fully remote candidates will be considered

Moline, IL, US

Job Type - Permanent 

No. of positions - 3 Positions

Job Description -

NOTE: W2 hourly only. No C2C, please.

NOTE: This is a U.S.-based remote role.

NOTE: Sponsorship is not available, now or in the near future, for this position.

NOTE: Candidates who only have front end development, back end development, or website development are not a good fit for these positions.

This role will be working on a team that develops Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) platforms for Deere. These positions will be the platform and data engineers responsible for getting data into a position that can be used with generative AI.

Skill Set Requirements

Must have a general understanding of Data Engineering to include: basic data wrangling for structured and unstructured data, basic data feature analysis, structured data loading into cloud storage or data lake, and they must be familiar with cracking and chunking unstructured data
Generative AI: looking for candidates who are familiar with all models offered by OpenAI, familiar with opensource foundation models, and who have an understanding of langchain.
Data Serving: experience with types of retrieval mechanisms to support RAG (other than ACS), and demonstrate out of the box thinking on RAG, not just the boilerplate examples published up to this point
Vector Database (DB): should be familiar with embeddings, and have intermediate knowledge of Vector DB
Experience with creating Jupyter Notebooks
Must be familiar with Databricks (preferred), or other pipeline tools

Skills That Will Set a Candidate Apart

Python experience and backend AWS API engineering for REST services a plus
Experience with React and frontend engineering is plus
Knowledge of or experience with emerging benchmarking tools for RAG, opensource or vendor
About the job
Employer Industry: Cybersecurity Consulting

Why Consider This Job Opportunity

 Competitive salaries
 Continuing education assistance
 Professional development allotment
 Multiple healthcare benefits packages
 401K with employer matching
 Paid time off (PTO) along with a federally recognized holiday schedule

What To Expect (Job Responsibilities)

 Ensure that all assigned system and application deliverables meet the requirements of all DoD and Air Force Cyber Security policies
 Support activities and meet the requirements of DoDI 8520.02, Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) and Public Key (PK) Enabling
 Direct Risk Assessments to ensure Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability of all Air Force system security incidents, threats and exploits
 Initiate and manage RMF packages in accordance with NIST 800-53 requirements
 Establish and administer appropriate security systems, policies, standards and procedures in compliance with applicable government and lead directives and guidelines

What Is Required (Qualifications)

 Bachelor’s degree (BA/BS) and 10 years of experience (5 years DoD), or 15 years of directly related experience (8 years DoD)
 CompTIA Security+ certification is highly desired
 CISSP certification is also highly desired
 Proficient Microsoft office skills: Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Visio, and Project
 Ability to effectively communicate orally and in writing, providing quality acquisition and program documentation (briefings, documents, plans, etc.)
 Candidate MUST have an active US security clearance

How To Stand Out (Preferred Qualifications)

 0-2 years of experience as an Rx Technician or Customer Service Representative in a healthcare-related service

#Cybersecurity #CareerOpportunity #CompetitivePay #ProfessionalDevelopment #SecurityClearance

At Talentify, we prioritize candidate privacy and champion equal-opportunity employment. Central to our mission is our partnership with companies that share this commitment. We aim to foster a fair, transparent, and secure hiring environment for all. If you encounter any employer not adhering to these principles, please bring it to our attention immediately.

Talentify is not the EOR (Employer of Record) for this position. Our role in this specific opportunity is to connect outstanding candidates with a top-tier employer.

Talentify helps candidates around the world to discover and stay focused on the jobs they want until they can complete a full application in the hiring company career page/ATS.
About the job
About RadicalX:
RadicalX is a Generative AI ed-tech platform committed to nurturing career growth in tech. Our offerings include tailored courses, hands-on projects, rigorous assessments, and access to ReX, our AI Superhuman Coach. ReX provides personalized guidance, ensuring a unique learning experience that keeps pace with the tech industry's demands.

Role Overview:
Join our Spring Virtual Experience Program as an Artificial Intelligence Engineer, starting January 2024. This role is a deep dive into the realms of machine learning, deep learning, generative AI, and natural language processing. You will contribute to groundbreaking AI projects and enhance your skills in a dynamic, virtual environment.

Key Responsibilities:
Design and develop innovative AI models.
Analyze and preprocess data for machine learning applications.
Collaborate with AI teams to enhance algorithms and models.
Present research findings and engage in critical team discussions.
Contribute to the development of ReX, our AI Career Coach.

Program Highlights:
Duration: 3 months, with flexible start dates between Jan 9 and Feb 20, 2024.
Access: Full use of the RadicalX AI Platform.
Feedback: Direct feedback from the RadicalX Core Team.
Events: Over 15 weekly exclusive live events, including AI Accelerator Workshops.

Technologies Engaged:
OpenAI API
Meta Llama 2
Google Gemini
LangChain
Google Gen AI Studio
Python

Requirements:
Bachelor’s or Master’s in Computer Science, AI, or related fields.
Profound knowledge of AI, machine learning, and NLP.
Expertise in Python and AI development frameworks like TensorFlow or PyTorch.
Strong analytical, problem-solving, and creative thinking skills.
Excellent communication and teamwork abilities.

Additional Information:
Unpaid position with remote work setup.
Stable internet connection required.
RadicalX is an equal opportunity organization, committed to diversity and inclusion.

Apply Now: Join us for an enriching Spring Virtual Experience in Artificial Intelligence at RadicalX. Be part of a program designed to elevate your skills and connect you with a global network of tech professionals. Apply today to take the next step in your AI career journey!
About the job
Welcome to Foundry, a cryptocurrency pioneer dedicated to advancing decentralized infrastructure. At Foundry, we’re not waiting for a decentralized financial future — we’re building it now. By empowering institutions with the tools they need to mine and stake digital assets, we’re thoughtfully driving the industry forward with our team at the center of it all.

If you thrive on innovation, are inspired by the potential of blockchain technology and are passionate about being part of transformative global changes, then we’d love to connect. At Foundry, your skills will find purpose as you contribute to shaping the architecture of a more equitable and interconnected world through blockchain technology. Come be a vital member of the Foundry team, where your contributions will help empower a decentralized future.

The AI/ML Engineer is an exciting opportunity for a motivated and passionate individual to join the team at Foundry, a subsidiary of the blockchain industry’s most prolific and active investor, Digital Currency Group. Reporting to the Engineer Manager, the AI/ML Engineer will be responsible for designing, developing, and implementing cutting-edge AI and machine learning solutions to solve complex business challenges.



















A range of compensation is provided for transparency, however different factors may affect this range. Some of these factors may include (but are not limited to) education, training, credentials, skills, geographic location, and experience. This range only includes base compensation and does not include other tangible benefits such as 401K match, bonuses, overtime pay, and other benefits.

Range of Compensation: $100,000-$200,000/year







Foundry takes pride in an environment which prioritizes our people. We insist that our people first culture builds the framework for all business operations.

Employees have ample opportunities to voice thoughts, opinions, and ideas through weekly companywide meetings, monthly townhalls, and team outings and events.

We emphasize the importance of each individual through engagement, teamwork, inclusion, and diversity efforts.

Foundry is an Equal Opportunity Employer and embraces diversity. We do not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on race, color, religion, marital status, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions), gender identity, sexual orientation, parental status, national origin, age, disability, genetic information (including family medical history), political affiliation, military service, or any other non-merit-based factors protected under federal, state or local law. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.



At Foundry, we are working toward a common goal of empowering a decentralized infrastructure. Our team is passionate about the future of finance and is looking for other like-minded individuals who share in this vision. While we are inclusive and diverse in workforce and style, we all agree that digital assets will change the world.

Foundry was created to meet the institutional demand for better capital access, efficiency, and transparency in the digital currency mining and staking industry.

As a Digital Currency Group company, Foundry taps unparalleled institutional expertise, capital, and market intelligence to provide North American bitcoin miners and global manufacturers with the resources to build, maintain, and secure decentralized networks.



The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by employees assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified.
About the job
The Opportunity

AI is rapidly changing the world. From processing job applications and credit decisions, to making content recommendations and helping researchers analyze genetic markers at scale -- many aspects of our daily lives are touched by machine learned systems in some way.

Arize is the leading machine learning observability platform to help ML teams discover issues, diagnose problems, and improve the results of machine learning models. In short: we are here to build world class software that helps make AI work better.


Our engineering team builds systems that interact with some of the most complex software ever deployed in production. The team is composed of industry veterans that have built deep learning infrastructure, autonomous drones, ridesharing marketplaces, ad tech and much more.

We are looking for a client-obsessed ML Solutions Engineer with entrepreneurial tendencies to join the good fight and help build out our Solutions Engineering org. You’ll be the trusted technical advisors for our customers, driving business value, offering advice, and growing accounts. You’ll accomplish this by leading customers to solutions oftentimes by teaching the product to new users or consulting on best practices. You must be ready for technical discussions with data scientists and engineers, then demonstrate the value of Arize in business discussions with directors and executives. The goal is to enable our customers to become successful and enthusiastic about Arize.






The estimated annual salary and variable compensation for this role is between $125,000 - $195,000, plus a competitive equity package. Actual compensation is determined based upon a variety of job related factors that may include: transferable work experience, skill sets, and qualifications. Total compensation also includes a comprehensive benefit package, including: medical, dental, vision, 401(k) plan, unlimited paid time off, generous parental leave plan, and others for mental and wellness support.


Arize’s mission is to make the world’s AI work and work for the people. Our founders came together through a common frustration: investments in AI are growing rapidly across businesses and organizations of all types, yet it is incredibly difficult to understand why a machine learning model behaves the way it does after it is deployed into the real world.

Learn more about Arize in an interview with our founders: https://www.forbes.com/sites/frederickdaso/2020/09/01/arize-ai-helps-us-understand-how-ai-works/#322488d7753c


Our company's mission is to make AI work and make AI work for the people, we hope to make an impact in bias industry-wide and that's a big motivator for people who work here. We actively hope that individuals contribute to a good culture
About the job
At Trunk Tools, we are tackling the massive $850B+ construction labor industry. We’re an exceptional team of serial entrepreneurs, brought together by our shared mission: aligning incentives for the deskless workforce. Our founding team (LinkedIn, Uber, SpaceX, YC, Carta, etc.) has successfully built and deployed software in construction for 140k+ users, millions of users beyond the construction space, and worked on +$1 billion of built-environment projects. Within our first year of business, we’ve captured contracts worth $1 million in ARR alongside backing from incredible Seed investors and industry experts. We are extremely excited to be in hyper-growth mode and we hope you join us on our journey to revolutionize the construction industry! We have built a brand new product that requires building, evaluating, and launching innovative solutions leveraging the latest ML/NLP/LLM techniques.

What you will do and achieve:


Who you are:


What we offer 😎


Salary range: $100,000 - $170,000 / year + equity
About the job
About MCU: 

At Municipal Credit Union, we believe that an incredible culture helps create a happy and motivated team that works hard to achieve the best results for themselves and their members. For more than 100 years, MCU has provided affordable financial products and convenient services to a membership base that is now comprised of over 500,000 individuals. With each new generation we have the pleasure of interacting with, we maintain the credit union promise of people helping people.

This role will provide the enterprise to follow process design disciplines while also fully adopting current and future capabilities of engagement & productivity tools such as (Microsoft 365, Salesforce, MS Teams & Power B1). Along with productivity platforms (Meridian Link/LPQ, Suite of JH products, Digital Banking, Talk Desk, BSA & Fraud Solutions, Real Estate Lending, ATM/Debit & Credit platforms) with the aim of enabling Artificial Intelligence capabilities to maximize operational productivity & simplicity and drive better employee and member experiences. Additionally, this role has the expectation to discover other applications for the use of Artificial Intelligence within MCU’s environment.








College degree in one of the following disciplines :











Position Titles reporting up to this position – No

Direct Reports – NO



Our Core Values are an integral part of who we are and who we hire. By living our Core Values, every day, we continue to attract the best and brightest talent, achieve unsurpassed results and continuously challenge ourselves to be better than yesterday. These values are at the heart of our organization and within every teammate. To be a great fit, you’ll bring the following:

– You’ll look to achieve the best outcomes for our members. Continuously track and measure everything, and use it to always improve. Be proactive, not reactive.

– You’ll remain agile in your decision making, planning, and delivery; using curiosity and creativity to see situations from all perspectives.

– You’ll act professionally and positively. Build trust, be upfront and communicate thoroughly.

– You’ll work to achieve common goals as part of ONE TEAM.

– You’ll hold yourself and others accountable and remain committed to our obligations while caring about the outcomes as much as an owner would.

– You’ll embrace and environment in which any individual or group can be and feel welcomed, respected, supported and valued.

We stand by our mission to connect our members and communities with an exceptional financial future and we are looking for individuals who share this same purpose to take this journey with us.





401K with employer match

Flexible paid time off

We are committed to hiring, training, cultivating, promoting, and celebrating an environment where we have a welcoming and fulfilling place for all people to call home. Diversity of race, thought, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, religion, and disability will empower us to thrive as individuals, as teams, and as an organization.

Municipal Credit Union (MCU) is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

MCU provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
About the job
Crossover is the world's #1 source of full-time remote jobs. Our clients offer top-tier pay for top-tier talent. We're recruiting this role for our client, gt.school. Have you got what it takes?

At gt.school, we're not just reimagining education; we're actively reinventing it. Leveraging state-of-the-art AI technology, we're on a mission to redefine the learning experience, making it faster, more fun, and highly personalized. Our platform is designed to push the boundaries of traditional education, offering a digital, self-paced learning environment that's both engaging and effective. As a member of our vibrant team, you'll contribute to the development of revolutionary AI-driven products and services that are transforming how students learn and grow on a global scale.

We're currently on the lookout for an innovative AI Engineer to enhance our core AI Engineering team. Collaborating closely with our Academic Engineers, AI Operations, and Program Operations teams, you'll be at the forefront of AI research and development, prompt engineering, and a mix of strategic technical and non-technical initiatives. Your role is crucial in advancing the academic impact of our AI tools, which are central to the learning journey of thousands of students enrolled in our programs worldwide.

In this role, you'll not only contribute to our groundbreaking work but also grow and develop your skills. You'll receive mentorship and coaching from the Vice President of AI Engineering & Operations at gt.school, and work alongside three supportive sister teams. This environment is ripe with opportunities for professional growth and learning.

To succeed in this role, you’ll need to be ownership-minded, consistently make good data-backed decisions, be attentive to detail, always have a high quality bar for work, and be an extremely strong communicator).

If you're eager to take on a challenging and fulfilling role that's at the cutting edge of reshaping education, gt.school is your destination. Join us in our quest to create a future where the potential for learning is limitless!

What You Will Be Doing

Designing, developing, and refining prompts that are used to either produce educational content or build our core data models.
Building scalable, automated workflows that produce AI educational content.
Building prototypes weekly that the team’s VP will present to executive leadership.
Actively engaging in thought leadership about how we could innovate in terms of work processes, AI content, and more.
Staying up to date with respect to the latest advancements with AI.
Owning the timely delivery of AI content generators and respective backing documentation, partially by delegating work to supporting sister teams.
Actively collaborating with our AI Operations & Academic Engineering teams to ensure AI-generated content aligns with our core data structures and curriculum standards.

Basic Requirements

AI Prompt Engineer key responsibilities

Substantial experience working with generative AI models, like GPT-4, meaning you understand many of the nuances, limitations, pitfalls, and best practices of working with AI.
Scored 5s on APs (Advanced Placement Exams) & 1500+/2300+ on SAT or 34+ on ACT exams in high school
Bachelors in Computer Science in Computer Science, AI, Machine Learning, or a related field
Able to, Mon-Fri, attend a daily Stand-Up Zoom meeting at 9AM CST daily and commit to an 8 hour shift anytime of the worker’s choice between 5 AM and 5 PM CST.

About Gt.school

GT School is an EdTech Startup that leverages technology, AI, and subject matter experts to cultivate a new way of learning. Our unique approach leverages 50+ years of learning science, cutting-edge data analytics and high-performance coaching. In doing so, we can help students learn more, learn faster, and learn better - and have fun while doing it. We are a remote-first company that hires globally via Crossover.

There is so much to cover for this exciting role, and space here is limited. Hit the Apply button if you found this interesting and want to learn more. We look forward to meeting you!

Working with Crossover

This is a full-time (40 hours per week), long-term position. The position is immediately available and requires entering into an independent contractor agreement with Crossover. The compensation level for this role is $50 USD/hour, which equates to $100,000 USD/year assuming 40 hours per week and 50 weeks per year. The payment period is weekly. Consult www.crossover.com/help-and-faqs for more details on this topic.

What to expect next:

You will receive an email with a link to start your self-paced, online job application.
Our hiring platform will guide you through a series of online “screening” assessments to check for basic job fit, job-related skills, and finally a few real-world job-specific assignments.

Important! If you do not receive an email from us:

First, emails may take up to 15 minutes to send, refresh and check again.
Second, check your spam and junk folders for an email from Crossover.com, mark as “Not Spam” since you will receive other emails as well.
Third, we will send to whatever email account you indicated on the Apply form - by default, that is the email address you use as your LinkedIn username and it might be different than the one you have already checked.
If all else fails, just reset your password by visiting https://www.crossover.com/auth/password-recovery if you already applied using LinkedIn EasyApply.

Crossover Job Code: LJ-5070-US-Flagstaf-AIPromptEngine.024
About the job
Who is Recruiting from Scratch : 

Recruiting from Scratch is a premier talent firm that focuses on placing the best product managers, software, and hardware talent at innovative companies. Our team is 100% remote and we work with teams across the United States to help them hire. We work with companies funded by the best investors including Sequoia Capital, Lightspeed Ventures, Tiger Global Management, A16Z, Accel, DFJ, and more.

https://www.recruitingfromscratch.com/



We are seeking a highly skilled and experienced Senior Machine Learning Engineer to join our dynamic team. As a Senior Machine Learning Engineer, you will play a crucial role in developing and deploying cutting-edge machine learning models and solutions to solve complex business problems. You will collaborate with cross-functional teams to drive innovation and make a significant impact on our organization.









If you are a passionate and experienced Senior Machine Learning Engineer looking to work on challenging projects and make a meaningful impact, we encourage you to apply.



https://www.recruitingfromscratch.com/
About the job
This job is sourced from a job board. Learn More
Job Description

Work you'll do/Responsibilities:

Strong programming skills.

Must have strong programming skills in languages such as Python, Java, and C#.

They should be able to write clean, efficient, and maintainable code.

Front end Angular or React (no JS).

Data analysis skills: Comfortable leveraging pretrained models or creating models using AutoML.

Understanding of software development principles: Must have a good understanding of software development & devops principles, including version control, testing, and continuous integration and deployment.



Remote



We are Genius Business Solutions - our clients describe us as a team of passionate IT experts who take full ownership in delivering innovative technology solutions. At GBSI, we exist to simplify technology so that businesses can innovate faster & accelerate growth.

With over 18 years of successful IT experience, GBSI is headquartered in Moline, Illinois & has clients and consultants working across the United States, Canada, India & Europe. We help some of the world's top organizations in manufacturing, automotive, software & IT and pharmaceutical domains in implementing software solutions, ensuring IT quality assurance, develop high quality custom applications & AMS support services. GBSI is a certified SAP partner & featured in multiple top publications including CNBC, Fox News, Digital Journal & MarketWatch.

ERP Consultants, Developers, Software Engineers and QA experts, we invite you to join our teams & create the best version of you. As IT experts, our teams are committed to developing & delivering highest quality services in:



We are Genius Business Solutions - our clients describe us as a team of passionate IT experts who take full ownership in delivering innovative technology solutions. At GBSI, we exist to simplify technology so that businesses can innovate faster & accelerate growth. With over 18 years of successful IT experience, GBSI is headquartered in Moline, Illinois & has clients and consultants working across the United States, Canada, India & Europe. We help some of the world's top organizations in manufacturing, automotive, software & IT and pharmaceutical domains in implementing software solutions, ensuring IT quality assurance, develop high quality custom applications & AMS support services. GBSI is a certified SAP partner & featured in multiple top publications including CNBC, Fox News, Digital Journal & MarketWatch. ERP Consultants, Developers, Software Engineers and QA experts, we invite you to join our teams & create the best version of you. As IT experts, our teams are committed to developing & delivering highest quality services in: - Technology Consulting - Digital Strategy & IT Modernization - Implementing Global IT Solutions - Next Gen Developments & AMS Support Services
About the job
Title: Machine Learning Engineer/AI Engineer

Location: Remote

Duration: 6 months+

Azure Required Cloud Required Java Required Python Required REST Required SQL Required

Summary of the project/initiatives which describes what’s being done:

o Build, modernize and maintain the AI/ML Platform & related frameworks / solutions.

o Participate and contribute in architecture & design reviews.

o Build/Deploy AI/ML platform in Azure with open-source applications (Argo, Jupyter Hub/Kubeflow) and/or cloud/SaaS solutions (Azure ML, Databricks).

o You will design, develop, test, deploy, and maintain distributed & GPU-enabled Machine Learning Pipelines using K8s/AKS based Argo Workflow Orchestration solutions, while collaborating with Data Scientists.

o Enable/Support platform to do distributed data processing using Apache Spark and other distributed / scale technologies.

o Build ETL pipelines, ingress / egress methodologies in context to AIML use-cases.

o Build highly scalable backend REST APIs for metadata management and other misc. business needs.

o Deploy Application in Azure Kubernetes Service using GitLab, Jenkins, Docker, Kubectl, Helm and Manifest

o Experience in branching, tagging, and maintaining the versions across different environments in GitLab.

o Review code developed by other developers and provide feedback to ensure best practices (e.g., design patterns, accuracy, testability, efficiency etc.)

o Work with relevant engineering, operations, business lines, and infrastructure groups to ensure effective architectures and designs and communicate findings clearly to technical and non-technical partners.

o Perform functional, benchmark & performance testing and tuning to achieve performant AIML workflow(s), interactive notebook user experiences, and pipelines.

o Assess, design & optimize the resources capacities for ML based resource (GPU) intensive workloads.

o Communicate processes and results of the application with all parties involved in the product team, like engineers, product owner, scrum master and third-party vendors.

Top 5-10 responsibilities for this position

o Experience developing AIML platforms & frameworks (including core offerings such as model training, inferencing, distributed/parallel programming), preferably on Kubernetes and native cloud.

o Highly skilled with Python or JAVA programming languages

o Highly skilled with database languages like SQL & NoSQL

o Experience designing, developing, and deploying highly maintainable, extensible, and testable distributed applications using Python and other languages.

o Experience developing ETL pipelines and REST APIs in Python using Flask or Django

o Experienced with technologies/frameworks including Kubernetes, Helm Charts, Notebooks, Workflow orchestration tools, and CI/CD & monitoring frameworks.

Basic Qualifications

 Bachelor’s/master’s degree in computer science or data science
 6 – 8 years of experience in software development and with data structures/algorithms

Required Technical Qualifications / Skills

 Experience with AI/ML open-source projects in large datasets using Jupyter, Argo, Spark, Pytorch, TensorFlow
 Experience creating Unit and Functional test cases using PyTest, UnitTest
 Experience with training and tuning models in Machine Learning
 Experience working with Jupyter Hub
 Experience with DB management system like PostgreSQL
 Experience in searching, monitoring, and analyzing logs using Splunk/Kibana
 GraphQL/Swagger implementation knowledge
 Strong understanding and experience with Kubernetes for availability and scalability of applications in Azure Kubernetes Service
 Experience building CI/CD pipelines using Cloudbees Jenkins, Docker, Artifactory, Kubernetes, Helm Charts and Gitlab
 Experience with tools like Jupyter Hub, Kubeflow, MLFlow, TensorFlow, Scikit, Apache Spark, Kafka
 Experience with workflow orchestration tools such as Apache Airflow, Argo workflows
 Familiarity with Conda, PyPi, and Node.js package builds

Preferred Qualifications / Skills

 Experience with AI/ML open-source projects in large datasets using Jupyter, Argo, Spark, Pytorch, TensorFlow
 Experience creating Unit and Functional test cases using PyTest, UnitTest
 Experience with training and tuning models in Machine Learning
 Experience working with Jupyter Hub
 Experience with DB management system like PostgreSQL
 Experience in searching, monitoring, and analyzing logs using Splunk/Kibana
 GraphQL/Swagger implementation knowledge
 Strong understanding and experience with Kubernetes for availability and scalability of applications in Azure Kubernetes Service
 Experience building CI/CD pipelines using Cloudbees Jenkins, Docker, Artifactory, Kubernetes, Helm Charts and Gitlab
 Experience with tools like Jupyter Hub, Kubeflow, MLFlow, TensorFlow, Scikit, Apache Spark, Kafka
 Experience with workflow orchestration tools such as Apache Airflow, Argo workflows
 Familiarity with Conda, PyPi, and Node.js package builds
About the job
Title- Artificial Intelligence (AI) / Machine Learning (ML) Software Engineer

Location - Remote

Fully remote candidates will be considered

Moline, IL, US

Job Type - Permanent 

No. of positions - 3 Positions

Job Description -

NOTE: W2 hourly only. No C2C, please.

NOTE: This is a U.S.-based remote role.

NOTE: Sponsorship is not available, now or in the near future, for this position.

NOTE: Candidates who only have front end development, back end development, or website development are not a good fit for these positions.

This role will be working on a team that develops Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) platforms for Deere. These positions will be the platform and data engineers responsible for getting data into a position that can be used with generative AI.

Skill Set Requirements

Must have a general understanding of Data Engineering to include: basic data wrangling for structured and unstructured data, basic data feature analysis, structured data loading into cloud storage or data lake, and they must be familiar with cracking and chunking unstructured data
Generative AI: looking for candidates who are familiar with all models offered by OpenAI, familiar with opensource foundation models, and who have an understanding of langchain.
Data Serving: experience with types of retrieval mechanisms to support RAG (other than ACS), and demonstrate out of the box thinking on RAG, not just the boilerplate examples published up to this point
Vector Database (DB): should be familiar with embeddings, and have intermediate knowledge of Vector DB
Experience with creating Jupyter Notebooks
Must be familiar with Databricks (preferred), or other pipeline tools

Skills That Will Set a Candidate Apart

Python experience and backend AWS API engineering for REST services a plus
Experience with React and frontend engineering is plus
Knowledge of or experience with emerging benchmarking tools for RAG, opensource or vendor
About the job
Employer Industry: Cybersecurity Consulting

Why Consider This Job Opportunity

 Competitive salaries
 Continuing education assistance














#Cybersecurity #CareerOpportunity #CompetitivePay #ProfessionalDevelopment #SecurityClearance

At Talentify, we prioritize candidate privacy and champion equal-opportunity employment. Central to our mission is our partnership with companies that share this commitment. We aim to foster a fair, transparent, and secure hiring environment for all. If you encounter any employer not adhering to these principles, please bring it to our attention immediately.

Talentify is not the EOR (Employer of Record) for this position. Our role in this specific opportunity is to connect outstanding candidates with a top-tier employer.

Talentify helps candidates around the world to discover and stay focused on the jobs they want until they can complete a full application in the hiring company career page/ATS.
About the job
This job is sourced from a job board. Learn More
Job Description

Work Location: This is a work from home position. PST Zone. Contract for 3 -9 Months!

General Position Summary: This position is a remote position, working with a team primarily operating in the Pacific Standard (PST) time zone.

The Data Engineer will be working closely with different business units and on specific Data Analytics Projects to deliver complex analytical models and business intelligence solutions. Knowledge of ETL, data mapping, integration development. Also, Strong knowledge in Azure suite of applications, Data Bricks and Power BI is preferred. This is a position that requires a strong balance of managing self-paced work alongside assigned project tasks or tickets.

There are growth opportunities to Senior Data Engineer, and eventually Principal Data Engineer through advancement in technical skills, showing effective communication skills, and showing the ability to deliver high-value and high-quality business insights on time.

Essential Functions:

 Assemble large, complex sets of data that meet non-functional business requirements. 
 Build infrastructure for optimal extraction, transformation and loading of data from various data sources. 
 Build analytical tools to utilize the data pipeline, providing actionable insight into key business performance metrics. 
 Collaborate with stakeholders including data, design, product, and executive teams and assist with data-related technical issues. 
 Prepare data for prescriptive and predictive modeling. 
 Design and build effective and scalable Business Intelligence solutions including Operational Reports, Data Visualizations, Dashboards, Reporting Data Marts and ETL/Data Integration solutions. 
 Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading (ETL) of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL, Azure. 

Qualifications:

 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field or equivalent experience
 4+ years of industry or academic experience in the field or professional setting
 Experience in Python or R and relevant coding experience
 Databricks experience is a must
 Experience in design and development of analytical queries, reports and visualizations utilizing the Power BI Platform. 
 Experience with Azure cloud suite of applications and software. 
 Familiar with object-oriented and functional programming paradigm. 
 Proficiency in SQL and experience with relational, time series, and document databases. 
 Solid understanding of ETL processes, data warehousing, and data modeling. Experience with data lakes is a plus. 
 Strong proficiency in Azure data services such as Azure SQL Database, Azure Synapse Analytics, Azure Data Lake Storage, Azure Databricks, and Azure Cosmos DB. 
 Deep understanding of data modeling principles and experience with relational, dimensional, and NoSQL data modeling techniques. 
 Familiarity with big data processing frameworks like Apache Spark or Hadoop. 
 Proficiency in SQL and programming languages such as Python or Scala. 
 Experience with data governance, data security, and compliance practices in Azure. 
 Ability to work independently and collaboratively in a fast-paced environment. 
 Knowledge of machine learning and data science concepts is advantageous. 
 Ability to communicate with impact and confidence, both verbally and in writing
 Strong interpersonal skills, teamwork skills, and work ethic
 Experience with Agile project management methodologies. 
 Experience creating solutions within a collaborative, cross-functional team environment. 
 Prior knowledge of, or strong interest in learning about Palantir software or Technologies. 

Company Description

Sara Software Systems, LLC founded in July 2004 is a small, woman, minority owned and economically disadvantaged 8(a) business as approved by the Small Business Administration (SBA). Owned and managed by experienced IT professionals, we bring a realistic and knowledgeable approach with 15 years of technical excellence to solve complex federal and commercial IT challenges, transform how organizations operate, and protect our Customer's critical infrastructure.

Sara Software Systems, LLC is a process-driven and quality-focused company and we are appraised at Maturity Level (ML) 3 by the CMMI Institute for both DEV + SVC. Our CMMI DEV ML3 appraisal was specifically focused on Agile and DevSecOps. We are International Standards of Organization (ISO) 9001:2015, ISO 20000-1:2011 and ISO 27001:2013-certified.

Sara Software Systems, LLC is a leading technology Services provider with focus in Application Development and Modernization, Agile Transformations, Program Management , Information Technology , Software development, Cybersecurity, IT infrastructure, Business Process Reengineering and Service Desk services for Federal Agencies and commercial organizations. We serve the business needs of our customers by providing strategy, program management, architecture, and sustainment of information technology solutions both in traditional waterfall and agile methodologies that transform ideas to value.

Sara Software Systems, LLC founded in July 2004 is a small, woman, minority owned and economically disadvantaged 8(a) business as approved by the Small Business Administration (SBA). Owned and managed by experienced IT professionals, we bring a realistic and knowledgeable approach with 15 years of technical excellence to solve complex federal and commercial IT challenges, transform how organizations operate, and protect our Customer's critical infrastructure. Sara Software Systems, LLC is a process-driven and quality-focused company and we are appraised at Maturity Level (ML) 3 by the CMMI Institute for both DEV + SVC. Our CMMI DEV ML3 appraisal was specifically focused on Agile and DevSecOps. We are International Standards of Organization (ISO) 9001:2015, ISO 20000-1:2011 and ISO 27001:2013-certified. Sara Software Systems, LLC is a leading technology Services provider with focus in Application Development and Modernization, Agile Transformations, Program Management , Information Technology , Software development, Cybersecurity, IT infrastructure, Business Process Reengineering and Service Desk services for Federal Agencies and commercial organizations. We serve the business needs of our customers by providing strategy, program management, architecture, and sustainment of information technology solutions both in traditional waterfall and agile methodologies that transform ideas to value.
About the job
This job is sourced from a job board. Learn More
We are a growing start-up company looking for a Freelancing Expert - AI Prompt Engineer to join our community. As a Freelancing Expert - AI Prompt Engineer, you will be responsible for a variety of tasks to help our community, including researching, sharing, and mentoring others to succeed with freelancing and independent work, including how to use generative AI to boost their business.

Join the Fud community to monetize your free time and let it become your next favorite side hustle. Our community encompasses content creators, freelancers, independent workers, gig workers, resellers & thrifters, entrepreneurs, solopreneurs, and small business owners.



You will join a community focused on side hustles, including:
About the job
Center 1 (19052), United States of America, McLean, VirginiaLead Software Engineer, Back End (Java, Python, DevOps, AWS)

Do you love building and pioneering in the technology space? Do you enjoy solving complex business problems in a fast-paced, collaborative, inclusive, and iterative delivery environment? At Capital One, you'll be part of a big group of makers, breakers, doers and disruptors, who love to solve real problems and meet real customer needs. We are seeking Back End Software Engineers who are passionate about marrying data with emerging technologies. As a Capital One Software Engineer, you’ll have the opportunity to be on the forefront of driving a major transformation within Capital One.















The minimum and maximum full-time annual salaries for this role are listed below, by location. Please note that this salary information is solely for candidates hired to perform work within one of these locations, and refers to the amount Capital One is willing to pay at the time of this posting. Salaries for part-time roles will be prorated based upon the agreed upon number of hours to be regularly worked.

New York City (Hybrid On-Site): $201,400 - $229,900 for Lead Software Engineer

Candidates hired to work in other locations will be subject to the pay range associated with that location, and the actual annualized salary amount offered to any candidate at the time of hire will be reflected solely in the candidate’s offer letter.

This role is also eligible to earn performance based incentive compensation, which may include cash bonus(es) and/or long term incentives (LTI). Incentives could be discretionary or non discretionary depending on the plan.

Capital One offers a comprehensive, competitive, and inclusive set of health, financial and other benefits that support your total well-being. Learn more at the Capital One Careers website . Eligibility varies based on full or part-time status, exempt or non-exempt status, and management level.

This role is expected to accept applications for a minimum of 5 business days.No agencies please. Capital One is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions), race, color, age, national origin, religion, disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender reassignment, citizenship, immigration status, protected veteran status, or any other basis prohibited under applicable federal, state or local law. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; New York City’s Fair Chance Act; Philadelphia’s Fair Criminal Records Screening Act; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries.

If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Capital One Recruiting at 1-800-304-9102 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@capitalone.com . All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

For technical support or questions about Capital One's recruiting process, please send an email to Careers@capitalone.com

Capital One does not provide, endorse nor guarantee and is not liable for third-party products, services, educational tools or other information available through this site.

Capital One Financial is made up of several different entities. Please note that any position posted in Canada is for Capital One Canada, any position posted in the United Kingdom is for Capital One Europe and any position posted in the Philippines is for Capital One Philippines Service Corp. (COPSSC).
About the job
REMOTE

Position Sr. AI Engineer

Must need :Data Scientist or Databricks Experience
About the job
This role is for a client of Recruiting from Scratch.

Who is Recruiting from Scratch : 

Recruiting from Scratch is a premier talent firm that focuses on placing the best product managers, software, and hardware talent at innovative companies. Our team is 100% remote and we work with teams across the United States to help them hire. We work with companies funded by the best investors including Sequoia Capital, Lightspeed Ventures, Tiger Global Management, A16Z, Accel, DFJ, and more.

Key Responsibilities:

 Design, develop, and optimize AI algorithms and models to enhance our product's capabilities and performance. 
 Collaborate with cross-functional teams to integrate AI functionalities into our software applications and platforms. 
 Analyze and preprocess large data sets to ensure data quality, relevancy, and accuracy for training and testing AI models. 
 Implement and maintain scalable and efficient AI infrastructure and pipelines, ensuring a seamless integration with our software systems. 
 Continuously research and experiment with state-of-the-art AI techniques and tools to enhance our product offerings. 
 Collaborate with UX/UI designers to ensure that the AI-powered features provide an exceptional user experience. 

Qualifications:

 Bachelor's or higher degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field. 
 Solid understanding of machine learning algorithms, deep learning frameworks (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch), and AI concepts. 
 Proficient in programming languages such as Python, Java, or C++. 
 Experience with cloud platforms (e.g., AWS, Azure, GCP) and utilizing their AI services. 
 Strong problem-solving skills and ability to work independently and in a team environment. 
 Excellent communication skills and the ability to convey complex technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders. 
 Demonstrated track record of successful AI project implementations or contributions to open-source AI projects is a plus. 

https://www.recruitingfromscratch.com/

Job Description:

Base Salary: $150,000 - $220,000

https://www.recruitingfromscratch.com/
About the job
About us: EvolutionIQ’s mission is to improve the lives of injured and disabled workers and enable them to return to the workforce, saving billions of dollars in avoidable costs and lost productivity to the US and global economies and make insurance more affordable for everyone. We are currently experiencing massive growth and to accomplish our goals, we are hiring world-class talent who want to help build and scale internally, and transform the insurance space. We’re backed by First Round Capital, FirstMark Capital, Foundation Capital, Brewer Lane Ventures, and have been named as Inc.’s top places to work!

We're on a mission to build the world's leading AI platform that will transform the insurance industry making insurance better, faster and cheaper for everyone. We develop machines with deep comprehension and vast data access to guide humans to the optimal decisions and enable them to handle enormous numbers of claims. We pair the predictive insights with an intuitive and easy to use web application that handles complex claim summarization, guidance and investigation workflows. The result is potential savings in the hundreds of millions, and added precision to insurance pricing.

We are founded by a senior Google AI expert and a Bridgewater Associates Algorithmic Investor & Stanford MBA. We’re not looking for employees. We’re looking for partners in work, partners in culture-building, and partners in the future of data-driven insurance. The development team consists of world class engineers and leaders from companies like Google and Bloomberg. Each individual has had great success building large scale enterprise software and is now excited to try their hand at transforming the insurance industry.

You are a seasoned software engineer, a first-principles thinker who takes pride in rapidly learning new domains and technologies. Your track record demonstrates an unwavering commitment to delivering high-value solutions to customers while upholding superior technical standards. You have the ability to contribute across the whole stack and thrive in a cross-functional team. At EvolutionIQ, you will have the opportunity to broaden your technical horizons and be a part of an innovative team that is integrating cutting-edge Large Language Models (LLMs) in its AI-native products. Your expertise and adaptability will be instrumental as we navigate this exciting technological frontier.
